as your future vice president I'm not
just going to create jobs I'm going to
make the job you already have better and
I'm going to do that by raising
awareness to help improve conditions for
everyone
I've been polling the American people
asking you to share what you hate about
your job
we started with nurses we asked them
what they hate about their job and
tonight we will hear from restaurant
servers from waiters waitresses whatever
you want to call them we ask them tell
us what you hate about your jobs and
they did and this is just a tiny
fraction of the many responses we
received what I hate about being a
server is when parents order food for
the 13-year old kid who is completely
capable but is just too busy being on
their cell phone you're raising an idiot
what I hate about serving is the old or
use your words what I hate about being a
waiter is the exercise of branch the
exercise of ranch the exercise of ranch
the exercise of ranch and don't forget
the exercise of ranch but anyone doesn't
know Wacom Elite is a dollar extra I
hate about waiting tables because when
you ask people if they want bacon or
sausage and they respond with bacon
because they can't have pork that really
happens oh wow what I hate about
starving is when people come in with
dietary restrictions and expect me to
know everything about it
lady I'm wearing a flowered shirt do I
look like I'm a dietician doctor or
nutritionist I hate when customers make
a big huge deal about their gluten
allergy and change everything on the
menu but then for dessert they order a
piece of cake and say oh well I can have
a little bit of gluten you're not really
allergic to gluten
you're just obnoxious dollar tip yeah
that's gonna fill my gas tank yeah
verbal compromise don't pay for my gas
getting tip things that aren't money
I recently got tipped condoms so that
was super annoying if I want condoms
I'll buy them with my tip money what's
up Jim Kim what I really hate about
waiting tables now is that I'm also
expected to be a photographer that's a
whole other profession cambers you're
gonna sit on my table for four hours you
need to leave me 20 bucks an hour that's
how we make our money when you work out
a pizza place and you go to take your
table there pizza and they asked do you
have ketchup but I hate about surveying
is when a girl thinks that you're trying
to steal her man
so she snips you on the tip when all I'm
trying to do is my job and it's called
hospitality when a guy leaves his number
on the tab but then he leaves a really
bad tip I hate when a guy doesn't leave
a tip on his receipt but he leaves his
phone number instead
thanks I'm gonna call you and threaten
you I hate the constant Lear's I get at
this sexy body I would show you but I'm
not wearing pants well thank you guys
back in session next I like to hear from
teachers what don't you like about being
teachers teachers tell us about the
annoying students the parents the
faculty lounge is whatever bugs you
about teaching teach it to us record
yourself keep it brief if you need to
wear a mask go ahead and do it and post
it to YouTube with the hashtag what I
hate in the title so we can find it and
then keep an eye out for a message from
us to our YouTube account thanks for
watching if you like that subscribe to
our YouTube channel for all the latest
videos and if you didn't subscribe
anyway it's free who cares